Please assume you are an expert in web development and have a massive Understanding of how to make web application . i want you to build a web app for me .please follow these guide lines while coding I want you to think like an experienced full stack web developer. Who is expert in making web applications using python, FAST API ,VERCEL, GITHUB, Render and other such technologies and framework. I want a web based game which i can access via an URL. Technical Considerations
Frontend Framework : HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
State Management   : Basic state management via JavaScript or React hooks.
Backend FastAPI for persistence and retrieval.
logic of genrating anagram should be developed by you and should run on our server.   description of this anagram website is given below 
I want to create a web based service which can generate anagrams for any given word or a set of words. This service should run in a website which opens in a  browser and it should be accessible for anyone to accesss the URL and have internet connection.  I want to build an application where user can visit the website of anagram builder and home apge looks a bit like this image "Screenshot 2025-02-08 at 8.54.23 PM.png" . User should be able to tap on the text box and enter his name . this name can have a minimum of 1 word with minmun of 3 characters  and it can have maximum of 10 words which can have a maximum of 10 character per word.  if a user dont follow these guide line then system show the error message and dont let him press the generate button .Under neath name there are few more screens for user input as shown in image "Screenshot 2025-02-08 at 8.54.23 PM.png". at the bottom of the page are two button . one with caption generate and one with captiopn reset . 
when user will enter the text for which he wants to generate anagram and define other parameters . the page will look like image "Screenshot 2025-02-08 at 8.54.40 PM.png" . Generate button will be enabled .One pressing the generate button software will generate  anagram of text provide by user in the top of the page. these anagrams will be lsited in a new page which is shown in image "Screenshot 2025-02-08 at 8.54.52 PM.png" .
on this page user can read the anagrams . There is a button with caption reset . on tapping this button it creates a new page like the one shown in image "Screenshot 2025-02-08 at 8.54.23 PM.png"

please give me a detailed prd with  fucntional , non functional specification . which can be feeded in an LLM as prompt .
 